12/6/2024

1. Install kubuntu 24.04.1 from the iso (on USB or DVD) from

 https://cdimage.ubuntu.com/kubuntu/releases/24.04.1/release/kubuntu-24.04.1-desktop-amd64.iso

Select 'orthanc' as the user, 'orthanc' as the password.
Everything should be the 'default' and you should have
it erase whatever target installation media you are using.
Check the box that says automatically log in after boot.

Note that there seems to be a bug sometimes with previously
installed media, so starting with erased target media is the
safest. This can also be worked around by selecting 'try Ubuntu'
first and using wipefs -a on the target installation media.

2. Open up firefox (click on the rightmost icon on the toolbar below)

It will open a bunch ad-ware tabs.

Go into Settings:

 Under HOME: Change the default pages/tabs to Blank
 Under Settings/Settings: Uncheck the box that says "open in tabs instead of separate windows".

Create a new tab and delete those adware tabs. Delete the bookmarks bar excess.


3. Keep the system from going to lockscreen

Click the settings icon (2nd one from the left on bottom bar) and go to Power Management
and uncheck the Suspend Session and Screen Energy Saving buttons.

Click the settings icon and go to Workspace Behaviour, then go to Screen Locking
and uncheck the Lockscreen Automatically button.

4. After booting up the installed system, do the following:

Open a Kconsole window (look under Favorites under the selection lower left) and enter:

  wget https://feralsw.com/cdw/kp-report-latest.deb
  apt install ./kp-report-latest.deb

You will be prompted for the orthanc password- enter it. This should install all
of the main Orthanc binaries plus our changes.

Enter 'http://localhost:8042' in the address bar. That shoudl bring up the
main Orthanc screen. After it does this, bookmark this page on the bookmarks
toolbar in Firefox for convenience of startup.

5. Link to the desktop some helpers.

Open the Applications menu (icon to the leftmost on the bottom bar) by left clicking on it.
Enter SetSystemTime in the search bar at the top. It should bring up SetSystemTime Helper
with a 'key' icon. Do a 'right click' over that brought up item and click the '+'
to left of "Add to Desktop".

