Mon Aug 11 02:23:58 PM PDT 2025
Version 0.5

This a quick checklist to check a Code Dark release for sanity.
Expect this to change and expand relatively quickly.

1. Booting

Does it boot correctly to the USB key when you have the USB key inserted?

If it does not, you may have to enter the BIOS to change configurations
to be able to boot the USB key, either automatically or being able
to hit escape and boot if from a boot menu. This is not necessarily
a test of kp-report- this is a test of correct hardware configuration.

Booting correctly means booting and being presented with a login screen.
You should be able to log in with user orthanc, password orthanc.

2. Multiple extended monitors and monitor resolution

Attaching more than one monitor (preferably before booting) should yield
multiple separately accessible screens. The monitors should be displaying
at the expected pixex density.

You should be able to right click the mouse on the desktop to be able
configure the display about what the Wayland server thinks about monitor
placement (e.g. right to left) and monitor orientation (for monitors
that flip).

Test further by opening things like Konsole or the Firefox browswer
and drag them across monitor boundaries.

Any artifacts like the monitor(s) freezing when moving windows around
across edge boundarie, or any freezing of obviously incorect video
artifacts, indicate a problem that must be resolved in development.

3. Finding out if Orthanc is running.

Once logged in, you should be able to upon the FireFox web browser
(firefox icon, bottom bar, extreme left). Skipping past any restore
connections pages nonsense, you should see a bookmark in the upper
right. You should select that (which selects http://localhost:8042)
and that should get you the initial Orthanc front page (which is
used for study or patient selection).


4. Setting Network Configuration

After logging in, you should be able to navigate to the network icon
on the top bar 3rd from the right, click on it, click on the right
arrow next to the 'Wired Settings" large button and again Wired Settings
on the bottom of the raised menu and change Network Configurations to
an appropriate automatic or static configuration.

Knowledge of Gnome Graphical Network configuration for Ubuntu 24 is
required for this step.

The purpose of this step is to set the address to a known static IP
address so things like a CT Scanner can find you.

5. Setting Code Dark specific parameters Setting System Time

Once logged in you should be able to start up a Kconsole console tool
(pinned on bottom bar to the lower left), and enter at the shell prompt:

  code_dark_configurator

5a) Setting Time

Set the time in the time window of code_dark_configurator and push the SAVE AND EXIT
button on the bottom. The date and time on the center of the top bar should change
immediately.

5b) Enter AET and DICOM Port Parameters

Change the AET and DICOM Port Parameters to be what things like a CT Scanner
require you to advertise. A SAVE AND EXIT may generate an alert box that
a reboot may be required for this to become active.

5c) Edit or add to the authorized physician list

There is an edit box of doctors, separated by a ',' (comma) that you can edit.
SAVE AND EXIT will give you an alert button that a reboot may be required
for this to become active.


6. Receipt of studies from a remove system

Once you have set network, AET and DICOM paramaters, you should be able to
receive studies from the remote system. I am unclear how you validate this
from the remote system's point of view.

Once it is claimed they are there, you should be able to search for them with
the FireFox  browser pointing to Orthanc.

7. Open a Study for viewing with the OHIF viewer

You should be able to navigate to a particular study and when presented in
the Orthanc browser, you should be able to invoke the OHIF viewer for that
study. You should be able to drag the OHIF window to an appropriate high
resolution monitor and do radiologist things with it.

8. Start a Report

You should see, in the top of the Interact box on the left middle side of the
Orthanc web window, a "Create Report" button. Pressing that should present you
with a list of template choices appropriate for the Study's first Instance's
modality. Select one of those (there should be a "Generic" if none obviously
match).

This should open up a code_dark_rptgen window which has some fields filled
out from the DICOM object, some fields predicted based upon Dr Gray's commentary
based upon study type and others that need to be filled out. The boxes should
all be able to be free-form edited (unless the report has been signed, in which
case the box will get an orange background and will not be able to be changed).

Edit as needed/desired. Hit buttons like SAVE. If everything is considered
complete, you can 'sign' the report- which you pull a physician from a choice
list for authorized physicians.

9. Configure and Test a Printer

Follow Ubuntu 24.04 documentation for finding a configuring a printer if you have
one attached (or findable on the net, although that only should be true
in test environments). Test the printer by printing a test page.

10. Print a Report

Navigate back to the code_dark_rptgen window and print a report and see whether
it prints on the printer.

